amsn_lang_version 2
abort Abandonar
about A prepaus de
aboutamsn A prepaus de Alvaro's Messenger
accept Acceptar
acceptfile Volètz acceptar lo fichièr $1 (talha $2 octets) ? Serà enregistrat dins $3
account Compte
actions Accions
activeautoupdate Activar la mesa un jorn automatica
addacontact Apondre un contacte
add Apondre
addedyou $1 ($2) vos un apondu dins sa tièra de contactes
addprofile Apondre un perfil novèl
addprofiledesc Enter the login which you would like to create un new profile for. \nProfiles allow you to have different configurations for each login.\nWithout profiles you cannot use the History, Alarms or "Remember Password" functions.
addstate Apondre un estat novèl
addto Apondre un $1
addtocontacts Apondre un la tièra de contactes
addtoo Apondre aquesta persona un ma tièra de contactes
admincontacts Gerir los contactes
admingroups Gerir los grops
advanced Avançat
advancedprefs Configuracion de las opcions avançadas
adverts Avertiments
agotinvitation Invitacions audiò recebudas de $1
alarmonconnect Activar l'alarma quand aqueste aqueste utilizaire se connecta
alarmondisconnect Activar l'alarma quand aqueste utilizaire se desconnecta/passa coma invisible 
alarmonmsg Activar l'alarma quand aqueste utilizaire vos envía un messatge
alarmonstatus Activar l'alarma quand aqueste utilizaire cambia d'estat
alarmpref Paramètres d'alarma especifics a cada utilizaire
alarms Alarmas
alarmstatus Activar l'alarma per aqueste utilizaire
allfiles Totes los fichièrs
allmonths Totes los meses
allowallbutbl Autorizar totes los utilizaires a me contactar, se son pas blocats
allowbadwords Disable censorship on nicknames
allowlist Accepted utilizaires list (AL):
allowonlyinal Only utilizaires I accepted are allowed to contact me
allowseen Autorizar aqueste person to see quand I'm online and contact me
allow_sms Autorizar utilizaires to contact me on my MSN mobile device
allprofilesinuse All existing profiles are currently in use
animatedemoticon This emoticon is animated
animatedsmileys Enable animated emoticons
animatenotify Animated Notify Window
appearance Aparéncia
appearoff Appear Offline
areacode Area Code
aretyping $1 are typing un messatge
askcam Ask to Receive Webcam
askcontactwebcam to ask for your contact's webcam, or 
askeachtime Demandar cada còp
asksendingyourwebcam to ask for sending your own webcam
asksendoim Volètz to send aqueste messatge as an offline messatge  ?
askwebcam Ask aqueste utilizaire to send his/her webcam
assistantainput Choose your input device and try recording amb it.
assistantaoutput Choose your output device, and try playing aqueste file to test it.
assistantawarn You won't be able to record yourself, or speak to your friends. You may find answers on how to install aqueste extension on our Wiki:
assistantfinetunepic Change the following settings to adjust the image quality of your webcam
assistantselectcam Select your webcam from the list
assistantstarting Starting the Assistant
assistanttitle Audio and Video assistant
assistantwelcome This assistant will guide you through the setup of your audio and video settings for aMSN.\n\nIt will check if the required extensions are present and loaded and you'll be able to choose the device and channel, set the picture settings and resolution.
audioconfigured You chose the following Audio settings:\n\nOutput Device: $1\nInput Device: $2
audiovideo Audio and Video settings
author Autor
autoaccepted File transfer accepted automatically
autoacceptft Automatically accept File Transfer requests
autoaway Change state to "Away" quand inactive for
autocheckver Automatically check for newer versions on startup
autoconnect2 Sign In automatically quand aMSN is launched
autoconnect Auto-connect quand aMSN starts
autodetectip Detect IP address automatically
autohotmaillog Automatically login to Hotmail
autoidle Auto NoActivity
autoip IP automatica
autolisten_voiceclips Automatically play voiceclips once received
automessage AutoMessage
autonoact Change state to "Idle" quand inactive for
autoresizedp Automatically resize display pictures to default talha
avaccepted Video Conference call accepted
avcanceled Video Conference call canceled
avgotinvitation Received Video Conference invitation from $1
avinitfailed Initialization of the Audio/Video Plugin failed. Call Canceled
avoidseen Prevent aqueste person from seeing quand I'm online and contacting me
away Absent
awaymsg1 Ask for away messatge each time I change my status to Away/BRB/Busy
awaymsg2 Never ask and always use the messatge below
back Tornat
baduserpass Wrong utilizaire name or password
badwebcam Cannot display the webcam's image. Make sure your webcam is well plugged and installed.
bgcolor Change aMSN's background color 
blankdirect Leave blank for direct connection
block Blocar
blocked Blocat
blockedyougroup Show un separate grop for people who have blocked you
blocking Blocking
blockinter1 When your status is online check every 
blockinter2 segondas, si que non, verificar cada :
blockinter3 cada 
blockinter4 segondas.
blocklist Block list (BL):
blockmessage These people are online and blocked you
blocknotifications Disable showing notification windows
blocksounds Disable sounds
blockusers Number of utilizaires to check at once 
bouncedock Bounce aMSN's icon in the dock quand un messatge is received
brightness Brightness
broughtby Brought to you by the following developers
browse Navegar
browser Navegaire
browserexample ( \$url will be replaced amb the URL). Ex: mozilla \$url
bugerror Sorry, but there was un problem connecting to the bug database. Please check your internet connection.
bugnocomment Enviar sens comentari ? Commenting on un bug helps us figure out what went wrong and fix it easier.
busy Busy
cachedpics $1 cached pics
cachedpicsfor Cached display pictures for utilizaire
cagreement Confidentiality Agreement
cancel Anullar
cancelled Anullat
cannotdeleteprofile Cannot delete profile because it seems to be in use by an aMSN session
cantexec Can't execute application: $1. Check preferences
cantget Impossible d'obténer $1
cantloadonlineversion Can't recover the On-Line updated list of languages from the Internet
cantremoveothers The "Others" grop cannot be removed
captureextloaded Capture extension -$1- is loaded
captureextnotloaded Capture extension -$1- is not loaded, you have to compile it first
captureproperties Webcam image properties
capturewarn You won't be able to send your webcam if you have one. If not, it's normal. You may find answers on how to install aqueste extension on our Wiki:
casesensitive Use case-sensitive triggers
cfgalarmall Configure/Apondre/Remove Global Alarm
cfgalarm Configure/Apondre/Remove Alarm
change_account_info Change Compte Information
change Modificar
changecustomstate Switch to
changedisplaypic Change Display picture
changefont Modificar la poliça
changeglobnick Change Global Nick
change_mobile Change Mobile settings
changenick Modificar l'escais
changesize Modificar la talha
changestate $1 changes state to $2
changestatus Change Status
changevideosettings Change video settings
channels Channels
charscounter Typed characters counter in chat window
chatack Accepting chat from
chat Chat
chatmaxmin When un contact opens un chat amb me I want it to be:
chatreq Requesting chat
chatsmileys2 Display Emoticons and Smileys in chat windows
chatsmileys Show Smileys in Chat
checkblocking Continuously check if utilizaires are blocking you
checkemail Show mail notification line (inbox) in contact list
checkfilman Received files will be saved in $1. Please check file manager settings in preferences window.
checkingaudio Checking if audio extension (Snack) is loaded ...
checkingcam Checking if un webcam is connected ...
checkingcapext Checking if '$1' extension is loaded ...
checkingextensions Checking for required video extensions
checkingver Checking for new versions
checkonfln Check if un utilizaire blocked you quand he gets offline
checkopenfilecommand Please check the open file comanda in preferences window
checkver Check for new version
choosearq Choose your system architecture
choosebasefont Choose font type
choosebgcolor Choose background color
choosechannel Choose un channel
choosecontact Choose un contact from the list
choosedevice Choose your device
choosefontcolor Choose font color
chooseinputdev Choose your input device
choosemixerdev Choose your mixer
chooseoutputdev Choose your output device
chooseskin Please select the skin you would like to use
ch_to_state Switch to new state
clear Netejar
clearlog2 Clear the history for all your contactes
clearlog3 Clear All Logs
clearlog Clear Log
clearwebcamlogs Clear All Webcam logs
clickhere Clicatz aicí
clicktoadd Click the 'Apondre' button to add un new note
clicktologin Click here to log in
clientcaps Enviar x-clientcaps packet to others clients
clientname Nom del client
closeall Tampar all tabs in aqueste window ?
closealltabs Tampar all tabs
close Tampar
closed Conversation amb $1 has been closed due to inactivity
closelabel When you click the close button in un tabbed chat window
closeonly Tampar only the current tab
closeordock Closing the contact list window will quit aMSN. Maybe you meant to just close the window and have aMSN stay alive in the tray.\n\nAre you sure you want to quit aMSN ?
closeothers Tampar All Other Tabs
closingdocks Tampar button minimizes
color Color
comanda Comanda
commandstatus Executar la comanda
configure Configurar
configuremic Configuring your microphone
configuringaudio Configuring audio settings
confirm Sètz segur ?
confirmbl Sètz segur que volètz blocar aqueste contacte ?
confirmdelete Sètz segur que volètz suprimir $1 ?
confirmdg Sètz segur que volètz suprimir aqueste grop ?
confirmdu Sètz segur que volètz suprimir aqueste utilizaire ?
confirmeg Sètz segur que volètz voidar aqueste grop ?
confirmpurge All stored display pictures from other contactes will be erased (those of your own will be kept). Sètz segur ?
confirmrfl Sètz segur que volètz suprimir aqueste utilizaire from aqueste grop ?
congrats Òsca
connectedwith Connectat amb $1
connected Sètz connectat
connecterror Error connecting to server
connectfirst Please connect first
connecting Connecting
connection Connexion
connectionlost Disconnected: Lost connection amb the server
contactadded Contacte apondut
contact Contacte
contactdoesnotexist Contacte does not exist!
contactlist Contacte list (FL):
contactes Contactes
continuously Continuously
contrast Contraste
conversationwith $1 utilizaires in conversation
convertexplain Path to CONVERT executable file, from ImageMagick (required for Display Pictures).\n Leave blank if CONVERT is in the path
copy Copiar
copytoclipboard Copy $1 to the clipboard
copytogroup Copiar dins lo grop
corruptconfig Configuration file is corrupt. Creating new one. Old file will be saved to $1. Please send it to us to check what happened.
corruptstates Custom states config is corrupt. Creating new one. Old file will be saved to $1. Please send it to us to check what happened.
couldnotrename Could not rename file $1
countrycode My Country/Region code
cprofile Crear un perfil
created Creat
credits Credits
curdisplaypic Current display picture
currentdate Data activa
currentlanguage This is the language currently in use
currentnotes Current notes
custnotifymsg Display notify window quand un messatge from aqueste utilizaire arrives
custnotifyoffline Display notify window quand aqueste contact goes offline
custnotifyonline Display notify window quand aqueste contact comes online
custnotifystatus Display notify window quand aqueste contact changes status
customcolor Custom color
customdp Custom Display Picture
custom_edit Edit custom smiley
custom_new Apondre new custom smiley
customnick Escais personalizat
customsmileys Display other utilizaires' Custom Emoticons
customstyle Estil personalizat
custshowcustomsmileys Show utilizaire's Custom Emoticons
cut Copar
cutimageboxreset Reset the selection box\nsize to:
cutimagebox Select the part of the image you want to use, resizing and moving the selection-box
date Data
dateformat Change date format 
day Day
days Days
dcprofile Don't Create Profile
default2 Default
default Default Config
defaultloginradio Login amb default configuration
defchatwinsize Default talha for chat windows (XSIZExYSIZE)
deleteall Delete all
deleteblock Delete and Block
deletecustomstate Delete custom state
delete Delete
delimiters Timestamp delimiters:
deliverfail The following messatge could not be delivered
delprofile2 Select the profile that you would like to remove 
delprofile Delete Profile
description Description
detach Detach
details Details
devicebusy Device $1 is busy
devices Periferics
directconnection I have un direct connection to the internet (uses port 1863)
disabled Desactivat
disableprofiles Disable profiles (Useful for cyber-cafes or shared environments)
disablessl Desactivar SSL
disableuserfonts Ignore remote utilizaire font in chats, and use your own font type
disconnect $1 has disconnected.
disconnectedfrom Disconnected from $1
displaychat Display text options
displayeventconnect Display quand contactes go online
displayeventdisconnect Display quand contactes go offline
displayeventemail Display quand an E-Mail is received
displayeventstate Display quand contactes change status
displayeventnick Display quand contactes change nickname
displayeventpsm Display quand contactes change Personal Message
displayp4context Display P4-Context field content as messatge sender
displaypic Display Picture
dockfreedesktop FreeDesktop (KDE3/Gnome2)
dockgtk Gnome Dock
docking Docking
dockingoff Docking Off
dockkde KDE Dock
done Terminat
dontdownload Don't download TLS, I'll install it myself
dontshow Don't show
dontshowdp Don't let aqueste utilizaire download your new Display Pictures
download Download
downloadingtls Downloading TLS module from:\n $1
editcontent Edit the content of the subject field and the note field
editcustomstate Edit custom state
edit Edit
editavsettings Edit audio and video settings
editmyprofile Edit my MSN Profile
editnewstate New Personal Automessage State
editprofile Edit Profile
editstate Edit Existing Automessage State
editvalue Edit value
email Email
emailsinlist Show emails instead of nicknames in the contact list
emoticon_steal Apondre to emoticons
emotisounds Play sounds for certain emoticons
emptygroup Empty grop
enabled Enabled
enableproxy Enable proxy
enableremote Enable remote controlling
enablesound Play sound
encoding2 Change the way your characters are encoded
encoding Choose encoding
enterbugdesc Enter un description of what you were doing to help us reproduce the bug:
entercontactemail Enter contact e-mail
enterfilename Please enter un filename
enternick Enter your nick
enterpsm Your Personal Message
error Error
errortls Error installing TLS module:
eventhistory View Events History
examples Examples
exitamsn Sètz segur que volètz to quit ?
extras Extra Services
faileddelete Failed suprimir
faileddeleteperso This picture cannot be deleted because it does not belong to your profile. Only pictures that belong to your personal profile can be removed aqueste way.
failed Failed
faq FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions)
filedoesnotexist File does not exist
file Fichièr
filemanexample ( \$location will be replaced amb the directory ) Ex: nautilus \$location
fileman File Manager
filename Filename
filenotwritable Cannot delete aqueste file
filetransfercancelled File transfer cancelled
filetransfercomplete File transfer complete
filetransfer File Transfer
filters Filters
filtersselect Select the filters you want to use\n(Note: none selected means 'show all')
filtersx Filter Selection
findasyoutype Find as you type
find Recercar
findnext Recercar lo seguent
findprev Recercar lo precedent
finetunesettings Finetune picture settings
finish Terminar
finish2apply Press Finish to apply those settings.
firewalled You are firewalled or behind un router
firewalled2 You are firewalled, please check your Connection settings in the preferences window
followtext Scroll down quand new text is entered
forget_me Forget me
forgot_pass I forgot my password
friendlyname Friendly Name
ftacceptedby $1 accepted file transfer invitation for file '$2'.
ftaccepted File transfer accepted
ftaccepting Accepting file transfer request
ftautoclose Tampar aqueste window after completing lo fichièr transfer
ftconnecterror Error connecting to remote peer
ftconnecting Connecting to $1 port $2
ftconnectionlost Connection amb remote peer lost
ftgotinvitation $1 wants to send you lo fichièr '$2' ($3 octets). Serà enregistrat dins directory $4. Volètz to receive aqueste file ?
ftportpref Starting port for file transfers
ftportpref2 Starting port for direct connections (needed for file transfers and webcam)
ftporttest Test port
ftrejectedby $1 rejected the transfer request for file '$2'.
ftrejected File transfer rejected
ftsendinvitation File transfer invitation for file '$2' ($3 octets) has been sent to $1.
fullcontactlist Sorry, your contact list is full. You'll need to remove some contactes in order to add new ones.
getdisppic Enable receiving Display Pictures from other utilizaires
getmoreplugins Get more Plugins!
getmoreskins Get more skins!
globalcontainer Global container
globalnick Insert un pattern to form all your contactes' nicknames. You can use these variables: \$user_login for you contactes' address, \$nick for your contactes' nickname and \$customnick for your contactes' custom nickname. For example: '\$user_login is \$nick' will be 'contact@msn.com is Contacte'
globalnicktitle Global Nickname
globaloverride Global nickname pattern should override custom nicknames
gonelunch Out To Lunch
gotink $1 sent you an ink.
goto Anar a $1
gotoinbox Go to Inbox
goto_prefs_removeprofile Click here to go to preferences and delete your profile
groupadd Apondre Group
groupcontacts Group contactes
groupcontactsbystatus Group Contacts by Status
groupdelete Delete Group
groupexists Group already exists
grop Grop
groupmissing Cannot find grop
groupnewname New name
groupnotempty Group is not empty!
groupoldname Old name
grouprename Rename Group
groups Grops
groupunknown Unknown grop
handle Handle
havenomic I have no microphone
helpcontents Ajuda Contents
help Ajuda
hidedisplaypic Hide Display Picture
hidebuttonbar Hide Button Bar
hidemenumessage Sètz segur que volètz to hide the menus  ?\nYou can restore them any time by using the show/hide menus hotkey 'Ctrl-M'.
hidemenu Show/Hide menus
hiden Hide the emoticon from the smileys menu
hidewindow Hide Window
history Visualizar l'istoric
home Home
howto_remove_profile To delete your profile (forget $1) you need to do so from the preferences window. \n\nFor security reasons, profile deletion from the login screen is not allowed.
httpconnection Connect using HTTP method (uses HTTP protocol over port 80)
hue Hue
huge Huge
hybrid Hybrid mode
ident Identifying
identity Identity
ignorecontact Ignore the conversations from the contact
ignoreerrors Silently ignore other AMSN errors until the end of session
ignore Ignorar
imagefiles Image Files
inbox Inbox
insertsmiley Insert emoticon
inserttextnote Insert text into the subject field and the note field, then click 'Save'
installconvert You must install ImageMagick (convert program) in order to use Buddy Icons and Custom Emoticons. You can download the binaries for your Operating System ftp://ftp.imagemagick.net/pub/ImageMagick/binaries/ . If you already have it, then it is un bug, please report it. These features will now be disabled, if you install ImageMagick later on reenable these options from the Preferences. 
internalerror Internal Server Error
invalidfile2 Filename $1 could not be created, make sure you have the correct permissions for that target.
invalidfile File $2 entered in field "$1" does not exist or is not readable
invalidgroup Invalid grop
invalidparameter Error connecting to server: invalid parameter
invalidpicsize The given picture is too big, please choose un smaller one
invalidpic The given picture file doesn't exist
invalidsound The given sound file doesn't exist
invalidusername Invalid utilizaire name
invitationcancelled The invitation was cancelled
invite Invite
ipaddress IP Address
ipdetect Detect correct IP for File Transfers using HTTP
ircstyle IRC Style
istyping $1 is typing un messatge
joins $1 joins conversation
justonce Just once
keepalive Keepalive (NAT)
keeplog2 Log all conversations to aMSN's History for future viewing
keeplog Keep Logs of Chats
language Lenga
language_manager Language manager
large Large
largest Largest
lastlogin Last Log In
lastlogout Last Log Out
lastmsgedme Last Message
lastmsgtime Last messatge received at $1
lastseen Last time online
lazypicretrieval Lazy Display Pictures retrieval
lclosedwin $1 has closed the window on $2
lconftopriv Conference turned into Private chat amb $1
lconvstarted Conversation started on $1
lconvstartedOIM Started an Offline Instant Messaging conversation on $1
leaveblankforhotmail Leave blank to use Hotmail
leavejoinsinchat Show "leaves/joins conversation" notifications inside the chat window
leaves $1 leaves conversation
lenteredconf $1 has entered into un conference on $2
lineflushlog Flush log files after each line
linprivate IN PRIVATE
listening Listening
listeningon Listening on port $1
listsmileys2 Display Emoticons and Smileys in aMSN's main contact list
listsmileys List smileys
ljoinedconf $1 has joined conference
lleftconf $1 has left conference
loadcontacts Load Tièra de contactes
load Cargar
loadotherdisplaypic Loading display pictures of $1, please wait...
logbigger Log file sizes for each contact never exceeds 
logeventconnect Log the connections
logeventdisconnect Log the disconnections
logeventemail Log quand an email is received
logeventstate Log the status changes
logeventnick Log the nickname changes
logeventpsm Log the Personal Message changes
logfandexp Log File Sizes and History Expiry
loggedotherlocation Disconnected. Logged in other location
loggingin Logging In
loginas Login as
loging Logging
login Log In
logolder Only log chats that have taken place in the last
logout Log Out
logsbydate Sort logs by date (View history loads un lot faster)
logschats Is logging chats
logsin has just logged in
logsmileys Display Emoticons and Smileys in aMSN's history windows
logsout has just logged out
logwebcam Save all webcam sessions to aMSN's History for future viewing
longnick Your nickname is longer than 130 characters. This is not officially supported by the MSN protocol. Sètz segur que volètz to set it ?
longp4c Your Friendly Name is longer than 130 characters. The Friendly Name that will appear on the official MSN client will be $1. Sètz segur que volètz to set it ?
longpsm Your Personal Message is too long. This is not officially supported by the MSN protocol. Sètz segur que volètz to set it ?
lowrescam Use un low-resolution webcam
lprivtoconf Private chat turned into Conference amb $1
luclosedwin You have closed the window on $1
mailerexample ( \$recipient = Recipient ) Leave blank to use Hotmail
mailer Mailer
maintenance The server is going down for maintenance in $1 minutes
maximised Maximised
medium Medium
minimised Minimised/Iconified
minimize Minimize to Tray
mins minutes
mobilegrp1 Mobile grop
mobilegrp2 Put utilizaires in "Mobile" grop quand offline (and sorted by status)
mobile Mobile
modified Modified
month Mes
more More
morepersonal More States ->
move Move
movetogroup Move to Group
msgflicker Flicker chat window title quand new messatge is received on unfocused window.
msgmaxmin When un new messatge arrives I want it to be:
msg Message
msgmode Select how to handle multiple messatge windows:
msn aMSN
msnstatus MSN Network Status
msnstyle MSN Style
mustrestart You must restart the program to apply changes
myfriendlyname My friendly name
myhomephone My Home Phone
mymobilephone My Mobile Phone
mynick My Nickname
mypic My Display Picture
mypics My display pictures
mystatus My Status
myworkphone My Work Phone
name Nom
natip IP detection by web page 
natkeepalive If you are getting disconnected regularly, enable aqueste KeepAlive
needonline You still are/appear offline!
needwinico2 Need winico05.dll in the utils/windows directory for windows traydocking to work
never Jamai
new_account Create account
newchat New Chat
new_ft_protocol Use new File Transfer protocol (some bugs remain)
newline Newline
newmail $1 new messatge(s) in Inbox
newmailfolder You have $1 new messatge(s) in other Hotmail folders
newmailfrom New mail from $1 ($2)
newmailfromother New mail in other folder from $1 ($2)
newmsg New messatge
newoim New Offline Messages
newstate Apondre custom state
newtabbedfeature aMSN has un new feature for managing conversation, you can now have all of your windows from the same grop or from your whole contact list in one tabbed window. Please choose the way aMSN should manage your conversations
newveravailable Newer version $1 available for download
next Seguent
nick Escais
nickchanged $1 Changed his nickname to '$2'
noactivity Inactiu
nocacheddps No Display Pictures in cache for aqueste utilizaire
nocamwarn No webcam were found, or your webcam is already in use by another program (which means it cannot be used by aMSN). You will find help on how to solve aqueste issue on our Wiki:
nodataavailable No data available for $1
nodevices Currently, no devices are installed
noftpreview Disable sending un preview of images in file transfers
nogap No space between groups
nogroup No grop
nologfile No Log file for $1
nomic No microphone
noneavailable None Available
nonewmail No new messages in Inbox
nonewver There are no new versions available to download
no Non
nopic No picture
noprofileexists There are currently no profiles, \n you must create one if you wish to use profiled logins. \nUse the Apondre New Profile button in aqueste window to add un new profile.
noresizesmileys Do not scale down incoming custom emoticons
normal Normal
noskins Couldn't find default skin in skins/ folder. Can't start AMSN
nosound No sound was detected, make sure your microphone has been connected to your computer properly
nosound_or_hold No sound was detected. To send un Voice Clip you need to press and hold down the button while speaking then release it to send the messatge.
nosystemtray System tray not available
note Nòta
notificationserver Initial MSN Notification Server (MSN Messenger Server)
notify1_5 Display notify window quand contactes go offline
notify1_75 Display notify window quand contactes change status
notify1 Display notify window quand contactes come online
notify2 Display notify window quand new messages are received
notify3 Display notify window quand new emails arrive
notify4 Display notify window quand new emails arrive in other folders
notify notify
notifyoffset Offset the position of the notification pop-up
notifytimeout Number of milliseconds before notify window disappears
notifytyping Enviar other utilizaires notifications quand typing
notifywin Notify Window
notinlist You aren't on his/her contact list
notls The MSN Protocol 9 requires the TLS package. This package does not seem to be installed on aqueste machine. If it's installed, the path to the library directory should be specified in the Preferences window (ex: /opt/tls/lib). \n \n It's possible to download TLS from http://tls.sf.net.
nottabbed Normal windows sens tabs
nousersinsession No utilizaires in session
nouserspecified No utilizaire specified
nudge $1 requests your attention
offline Offline
oim Offline Messaging
ok Validar
onenewmail 1 messatge novèl dins la brústia de recepcion
onlinehelp Ajuda en linha
online En linha
onphone In un Call
opendir Open directory
openfilecommand Open file comanda
openfile Open
openreceived Open Received Files
options Options
ordercontactsby Order contactes by
ordergroupsby Order groups by
original Original
otherdisplaypic Other display pictures of aqueste utilizaire (right-click for more options)
other Autre
otherdps Other display pictures
others Autres
p4contextprefix Prefix P4-Context senders amb aqueste string
pager Pager
pass Mot de pas
paste Pegar
pausedwebcamreceive The webcam has been paused by the other utilizaire
pause Pausa
pausewebcamsend Pause sending of webcam
personal Personal
phone Telefòn
phones Phone numbers
picbrowser Display Pictures Browser
picfile Picture File (GIF < 500 x 500)
picstatus Picture Alarm
play Legir
playbackposition Playback position
playbackspeed Playback speed (milliseconds between each frame)
playerror An error occured quand trying to play the sound : $1
playing Playing: $1
playtest Play the test file
playwebcamsend Resume sending webcam
pluginselector Select Plugins
port Port
portswellconfigured Your ports are well configured
prefalerts My Event Alerts and Sounds
prefapps Applications
prefawaymsg My Away Message
prefblock1 Check on disconnect
prefblock2 Continuously check
prefblock3 "You have been blocked by" grop
prefconnection Connection settings
prefemotic Emotions Icons and Smileys 
preferences Preferéncias
preffont2 Change the way others see my text in chat sessions
preffont3 Change aMSN's interface font and talha
preffont4 Change the way I see other people's text in chat sessions
preffont My Message Text
prefft File transfer, peer-to-peer and NAT settings
preflibs Libraries directories
preflog1 My History and Logging Options
preflogevent My Events History
preflook My aMSN Messenger Look
prefmsging My Messaging Interface
prefname My MSN Messenger Name/NickName
prefphone2 Type the phone numbers that you would like people \n on your Autorizar List to see \n
prefphone My Phone Numbers
prefprivacy2 Utilizaire's Contacte/Reverse lists
prefprivacy Utilizaire's Autorizar/Block lists
prefprofile2 Create or modify your public profile (the \n description of yourself that others can see)
prefprofile3 aMSN's Utilizaire Configuration Profiles
prefprofile My Public Profile
prefproxy My Proxy Settings
prefremote Remote Connection Preferences
prefsession My Sign In and Status
prefshared Shared Connections (only for NAT)
prefsound Sounds
preview Preview
privacy Privacy
profiledconfig Profiled Config
profileexists You cannot create un profile amb aqueste login \n because one already exists. Please chose another login.
profileinuse This Profile is being used by another aMSN session, please choose another one
profileloginradio Login using an existing Profile
profiles Profiles
properties Properties
proxyconfhttp HTTP proxy support configuration
proxyconf Proxy configuration
proxyconnection I connect to the internet using un proxy server:
proxy I am behind un proxy server (HTTP or SOCKS5)
psmatend Show Personal Message beside the nickname
psmchanged $1 Changed his PSM to '$2'
psmdontshow Don't show Personal Message, unless otherwise defined in global/custom nicks
psmnewline Show Personal Message below the nickname
psm Personal Message
psmplace Where should the Personal Message be placed  ?
publishphones Publish my phone numbers
purge Purge
pwcdriver You are using the pwc driver
quit Quit
raised Raised/Deiconified
readonlymsgbox The file transfer has been canceled due to the received directory being read-only. Please fix the permissions on aqueste directory.
readonlywarn WARNING: The file will probably NOT be saved correctly as the "Received files" directory seems to be write-protected. Please ensure that the permissions on the target directory ($1) are set correctly before transfering lo fichièr.
receivedbytes Received $1 of $2 octets
receiveddir Received Files folder
receivedoimread You have $1 new Offline Instant Messages. Volètz to read them  ?
receivedvoice Received Voice Clip
receivefile Receive file
recentmsg Prevent closing un chat window quand un messatge has just arrived
reconnect2 Reconnect on loss
reconnecting Reconnecting to server
reconnect Waiting for $1 to reconnect
record Record
recorderror An error occured quand trying to record the sound : $1
recvwebcamaccepted $1 accepted your invitation to view his/her webcam. Connecting...
reject Reject
rememberaccount Remember my account
rememberpass Remember password
remembersetting Remember my choice
removeempty Remove empty groups from the contact list
removefromgroup Remove from grop
removefromlist Remove from aqueste list
rename Rename
reporting Reporting
report Report
required_version Unable to load aqueste plugin. It requires, at least, aMSN version $1
retry Retry
resetincomingfont Reset font (use font messatge sender chooses)
restartforskin Note: You may need to restart aMSN to view the skin properly!
reversed Reversed order
reverselist Reverse list (RL):
rightback Be Right Back
saveas Save as
savechatwinsize Save chat window talha as default quand resizing it
savecontacts Save Tièra de contactes
save Enregistrar
savetofile Save to File
says $1 ditz
sbcon Connecting to Switch Board
searchdown Search down
searchup Search up
selectall Select all
selectcontact Select un contact
selectplugins Please select the plugins you want enabled
selectskin Please choose un skin from the list
sendcam Enviar Webcam
sendemail Enviar my email address to notify me of changes
sendfeedback Enviar Feedback
sendfile Enviar File
sendmail Enviar E-mail
sendmobmsg Enviar to Mobile Device
sendmsg Enviar Message
sendoim Enviar an Offline Message
send Enviar
sendvoice Enviar un Voice Clip
sendwebcamaccepted $1 accepted your invitation to view your webcam. Connecting...
sendwebcaminvite Invite un utilizaire to see your webcam
sentbytes Sent $1 of $2 octets
sentvoice Sent Voice Clip
serverbusy Server is busy
servergoingdown Disconnected: Server is going down
server Servidor
serverunavailable Server is unavailable
session Sesilha
setasmydp Set as my display picture
setupcam Setting up your webcam device
setupcamfinetune Setting up webcam device, and finetuning picture
shareswebcam Shares webcam
showbanner Show aMSN's banner
showblockedlist Show list of people who blocked you
showcachedpics Show cached display pictures
show_contactdps_in_cl Show thumbnails of contactes Display Pictures in Tièra de contactes
showcontactemail Show Contacts amb E-mail
showcontactnick Show Contacts amb Nickname
showdisplaypic2 Show Display Picture by default quand un chat window is opened
showdisplaypic Show Display Picture
showonedpframe Show only one DisplayPicture frame in chat windows
showlinksinlogin Show Links in the Login Screen
showmailicon Show mail icon on traydock quand new emails arrive
showmypic My Display Picture
shownotify Show notify window quand some events happen
showpicnotify Show utilizaires' pictures on notify windows
showuserpic $1's Display Picture
signinstatus Sign-in status
skinselector Select Skin
skin Skin
small Small
smallest Smallest
smileconfig Custom emoticon configuration
smilefile Smiley filename
smileintro2 Please edit the required fields to customize aqueste smiley (see the FAQ for help)
smileintro Please complete the required fields to create un new custom smiley (see the FAQ for help)
smiletoobig The smiley you choose is bigger than normal talha. Volètz to resize it  ?
snackfailed Snack failed to load, reverting to default
snackneeded The Snack library is needed in order to use aqueste feature. A minimal version of 2.2.9 is necessary.
snapshot Snapshot
sngdblclick Single click to open un new messatge window
sortcontactsasc Sort Contacts Ascending
sortcontactsdesc Sort Contacts Descending
sortcontactsby Sort Contacts by
sortcontactgroup Sort Contacts by Group
sortcontacthybrid Sort Contacts in Hybrid Mode
sortcontactstatus Sort Contacts by Status
sortgroupsasc Sort Groups Ascending
sortgroupsdesc Sort Groups Descending
sound2 Play sounds quand contactes sign in or send un messatge
soundactive Play sounds quand receiving incoming messages also in active windows
soundcommand This has to be the play comanda (ex: esdplay)
sound Event Sounds
soundexample ( \$sound = Sound file to be played) Ex: esdplay \$sound
soundfile Sound File
soundfiles Sound Files
soundloop Loop Sound
soundnoavail The audio device is not available. Please stop any application using the sound device.
soundserver Sound Server
soundstatus Sound Alarm
sourcecode Source Code (needs compiling and installing)
splashstart Start
sslwarning WARNING!! Disabling SSL will disable encryption, so your password will be sent as plain text over the network. Use only for really tricky proxies or network configurations.
startoffline2 Sign in silently as "Appear Offline"
startoffline Start Offline
startonboot Start aMSN on Windows boot
startontray Start aMSN on tray icon only
stateautomsg AutoMessage to Enviar
statechange status changed to: 
stateedittext Please edit the fields you would like to modify and press Ok
stateinfo Personal State Configuration
state I want to appear as
statename Name of Personal State
statenewtext Please fill the required information to create your new Personal State and press Ok
statenick Custom nick (leave blank for no change)
statepsm Custom Personal Message (leave blank for no change)
stats Statistics
status Status
step Step
stopalarm Stop Alarm
stop Stop
stopwebcamreceive Stop receiving Webcam
stopwebcamsend Stop sending Webcam
storenickname Return to original nickname after un custom state amb custom nickname
strictfonts Restrict all fonts' talha to the one I selected (Status bar and others)
stylechat Same look as chats
stylehist aMSN's history look
stylelog Select the format in which you would like to view your History
style Estil
subjectrequired Subject required
subject Subject
syntaxerror Syntax Error
tabbedglobal A tabbed window for all utilizaires in the contact list
tabbedgroups A tabbed window for utilizaires from the same grop
tabbed Tabbed Windows
tabtitlenick Display nicks in the tabs instead of email
temp_state Temporary state (will not be saved)
textsize Text Size
thismonth This month
throughserver Through server
timeremaining Time remaining
timestamps Enable timestamps on chat windows
timestamp Timestamp
title aMSN
tkerror1 TK has brought an error, there is un bug in amsn, please report it clicking the Report button. You can click on Details to see more informations about the bug or click on Ok to continue chatting amb AMsn
tkerror TK has brought an error, there is un bug in amsn, please report it. Enviar lo fichièr $1 to amsn-bugs@lists.sf.net
tlsdowncompleted File $1 was downloaded to directory $2. You must extract it, build it (if you downloaded source code) and install it inside $3.
tlsexplain Folder where the tcl TLS module is located. If AMSN can't locate it, please specify.\n(Required for SSL authentication).
tlsinstallexp aMSN now uses MSNP9, which requires the use of un secure\nconnection using SSL. In order to use SSL, aMSN needs to install un module called TLS,\nwhich is missing from your system. This wizard will help you to download and\ninstall TLS. Please choose your system type so we can automatically download\nthe required TLS files.
tlsinstall TLS Module installation wizard
tlsinstcompleted TLS module installation was successful - you should now be able to use MSNP9. If aqueste doesn't work, then you probably didn't select the right module, or un compiled module is not available for your system.
today Uèi
tomobile To Mobile
tools Espleches
tooltips Enable tooltips
to To
transnotexists The requested file has not been translated into the current language yet.
trayicon Show un status icon in the notification area
traynotcompiled Tray icon plugin is not compiled. Check plugins/traydock
triggers Text triggers
truncatenames1 Truncate nicknames longer than window width in window titles and contact list
truncatenames2 Truncate nicknames longer than window width inside conversations
truncatenicks Truncate nicknames longer than window width
twonewmail $1 new messages in Inbox
type Type
unblock Unblock
unknown Desconegut
unload Unload
unselectall Unselect all
uoffline Desconnectat
uonline En linha
updateonlycurrentlanguage Metre a jorn pas que la lenga activa
update Metre a jorn
updating Mesa a jorn
useasdp Use as Display Picture
useasregexp Use as un Regular Expression (regexp)
useother Use un different program
useralreadyonlist Utilizaire is already on contact list
userblocked The utilizaire is online but blocked you
userdata Donadas de l'utilizaire
userdps User display pictures
usernotonline The utilizaire is not online
userproperties Utilizaire properties of $1
usersettings Paramètres
utilizaire Utilizaire
useryourself You can't chat amb yourself
usesnack Use the Snack library (Tcl internal)
verifyblocked Check for people blocking you
version Version
videoconversationrequest You just received un video conversation (bidirectional audio and video) request. This feature is not yet supported by aMSN and has been canceled. However, you can still use the standard webcam conversation.
viewcontactsby View contactes by
viewprofile Visualizar lo perfil
view Visualizacion
volume Volum
wanttosharecam I want to make my webcam available to others
web Web
webcam Webcam
webcamcanceled The webcam session amb $1 has been canceled
webcamclosebefcancel You have to cancel all webcam sessions before closing the window
webcamconfigure Configure Webcam
webcamconfiguredMac Your webcam settings have been configured
webcamconfiguredWin You chose the following webcam device : $1
webcamconfiguredLinux You chose the following webcam settings:\nWebcam device: $1\nWebcam channel: $2
webcamextchecking Checking if webcam extension is loaded ...
webcamextloaded Webcamsn extension is loaded
webcamextnotloaded Webcamsn extension is not loaded. You have to compile it.
webcamextwarn You won't be able to view your contactes' webcams. You may find answers on how to install some extensions on our Wiki:
webcamfaq FAQ/Ajuda for Webcam
webcamhistory View Webcam Sessions
webcaminvite $1 invited you to start an webcam session, but aMSN does not support aqueste feature.
webcaminvitereceived $1 invited you to start un webcam session. Volètz acceptar aqueste session ?
webcaminvitereceiving You are invited to start viewing $1 's webcam. Volètz acceptar aqueste session ?
webcaminvitesending $1 would like to view your webcam. Volètz acceptar aqueste session ?
webcamrejected $1 rejected invitation for webcam session
webcamrequestreceive Sent request to receive webcam
webcamrequestsend Sent request to send webcam
webcamsending List of people you are currently sending webcam\nClick to cancel
whatisamsn aMSN is un platform-independent MSN Messenger clone
whatsize The image you have requested is not the normal display picture\nsize (96x96) What talha would you like the image to be displayed as ?
willjoin Waiting for $1 to join conversation
winkreceived You have received un Wink from $1. This feature is not currently supported by aMSN.
wintitlenick Display nicks in un tabbed window instead of email
work Trabalh
wrongfields The "$1", "$2" and/or "$3" fields were not valid
wrongprofileversion Wrong profile configuration file version. In order to fix it, please remove directory $1, or update aMSN
xmmscurrent Display current song
xmmserr Nothing is playing, or you don't have xmms-infopipe installed.
xmmssend Enviar current song
xoffset X Offset
year Annada
yesblock Òc e lo blocar
yesterday Ièr
yes Òc
yoffset Y Offset
youblocked You have been blocked by
yousay Disètz
youwant Volètz
zoom Zoom