amsn_lang_version 2
abort Abort
about About
aboutamsn About Alvaro's Messenger
accept Accept
acceptfile Do you want to accept the file $1 (size $2 bytes)? It will be saved in $3
account Account
accountkid This kids account cannot be used with Messenger. You have to go to the Kids Passport Web site and give parental consent.
actions Actions
activeautoupdate Activate auto-update
addacontact Add Contact
add Add
addedyou $1 ($2) has added you to his/her contact list
addprofile Add New Profile
addprofiledesc Enter the login which you would like to create a new profile for. \nProfiles allow you to have different configurations for each login.\nWithout profiles you cannot use the History, Alarms or "Remember Password" functions.
addstate Add New State
addto Add to $1
addtocontacts Add to Contact List
addtoo Add this person to my contact list
admincontacts Admin contacts
admingroups Admin groups
advanced Advanced
advancedprefs Advanced options configuration
adverts Advertisements
agotinvitation Received Audio invitation from $1
alarmonconnect Activate alarm when this user comes online
alarmondisconnect Activate alarm when this user goes offline/invisible 
alarmonmsg Activate alarm when this user sends you a message
alarmonstatus Activate alarm when this user changes state
alarmpref User specific alarm settings
alarmpref2 Alarm settings for every contact
alarms Alarms
alarmstatus Activate the alarm for this user
allfiles All Files
allmonths All Months
allowallbutbl Allow all users to contact me, except for those I blocked
allowbadwords Disable censorship on nicknames
allowlist Accepted users list (AL):
allowonlyinal Only users I accepted are allowed to contact me
allowseen Allow this person to see when I'm online and contact me
allow_sms Allow users to contact me on my MSN mobile device
allprofilesinuse All existing profiles are currently in use
always Always
animatedemoticon This emoticon is animated
animatedsmileys Enable animated emoticons
animatenotify Animated Notify Window
appearance Appearance
appearoff Appear Offline
areacode Area Code
aretyping $1 are typing a message
askcam Ask to Receive Webcam
askcontactwebcam to ask for your contact's webcam, or 
askeachtime Ask each time
asksendingyourwebcam to ask for sending your own webcam
asksendoim Do you want to send this message as an offline message ?
askwebcam Ask this user to send his/her webcam
assistantainput Choose your input device and try recording with it.
assistantaoutput Choose your output device, and try playing this file to test it.
assistantawarn You won't be able to record yourself, or speak to your friends. You may find answers on how to install this extension on our Wiki:
assistantfinetunepic Change the following settings to adjust the image quality of your webcam
assistantselectcam Select your webcam from the list
assistantstarting Starting the Assistant
assistanttitle Audio and Video assistant
assistantwelcome This assistant will guide you through the setup of your audio and video settings for aMSN.\n\nIt will check if the required extensions are present and loaded and you'll be able to choose the device and channel, set the picture settings and resolution.
audioconfigured You chose the following Audio settings:\n\nOutput Device: $1\nInput Device: $2
audiovideo Audio and Video settings
author Author
autoaccepted File transfer accepted automatically
autoacceptft Automatically accept File Transfer requests
autoacceptwc Automatically accept Webcam requests
autoaway Change state to "Away" when inactive for
autocheckver Automatically check for newer versions on startup
autoconnect2 Sign In automatically when aMSN is launched
autoconnect Auto-connect when aMSN starts
autodetectip Detect IP address automatically
autohotmaillog Automatically sign in to Hotmail
autoidle Auto NoActivity
autoip Automatic IP
autolisten_voiceclips Automatically play voiceclips once received
automessage AutoMessage
autonoact Change state to "Idle" when inactive for
autoresizedp Automatically resize display pictures to default size
avaccepted Video Conference call accepted
avcanceled Video Conference call canceled
avgotinvitation Received Video Conference invitation from $1
avinitfailed Initialization of the Audio/Video Plugin failed. Call Canceled
avoidseen Prevent this person from seeing when I'm online and contacting me
away Away
awaymsg1 Ask for away message each time I change my status to Away/BRB/Busy
awaymsg2 Never ask and always use the message below
back Back
baduserpass Wrong user name or password
badwebcam Cannot display the webcam's image. Make sure your webcam is well plugged and installed.
bgcolor Change aMSN's background color 
blankdirect Leave blank for direct connection
block Block
blocked Blocked
blockedyougroup Show a separate group for people who have blocked you
blocking Blocking
blockinter1 When your status is online check every 
blockinter2 seconds, else check every:
blockinter3 every 
blockinter4 seconds.
blocklist Block list (BL):
blockmessage These people are online and blocked you
blocknotifications Disable showing notification windows
blocksounds Disable sounds
blockusers Number of users to check at once 
bouncedock Bounce aMSN's icon in the dock when a message is received
brightness Brightness
broughtby Brought to you by the following developers
browse Browse
browser Browser
browserexample (\$url will be replaced with the URL) Ex: firefox \$url
bugerror Sorry, but there was a problem connecting to the bug database. Please check your internet connection.
bugnocomment Send without a comment? Commenting on a bug helps us figure out what went wrong and fix it easier.
busy Busy
bytesymbol b
cachedpics $1 cached pics
cachedpicsfor Cached display pictures for user
cagreement Confidentiality Agreement
cam_in_cw Show webcam streams embedded in the chatwindows (Low resolution will be used)
cancel Cancel
cancelled Cancelled
cannotdeleteprofile Cannot delete profile because it seems to be in use by an aMSN session
cantexec Can't execute application: $1. Check preferences
cantget Couldn't get $1
cantloadonlineversion Can't recover the On-Line updated list of languages from the Internet
cantremoveothers The "Others" group cannot be removed
captureextloaded Capture extension -$1- is loaded
captureextnotloaded Capture extension -$1- is not loaded, you have to compile it first
captureproperties Webcam image properties
capturewarn You won't be able to send your webcam if you have one. If not, it's normal. You may find answers on how to install this extension on our Wiki:
casesensitive Use case-sensitive triggers
cfgalarmall Configure/Add/Remove Global Alarm
cfgalarm Configure/Add/Remove Alarm
change_account_info Change Account Information
change Change
changecustomstate Switch to
changedisplaypic Change Display picture
changefont Change font
changeglobnick Change Global Nick
change_mobile Change Mobile settings
changenick Change Nick
changepsm Change personal message
changesize Change size
changestate $1 changes state to $2
changestatus Change Status
changevideosettings Change video settings
channels Channels
charscounter Typed characters counter in chat window
chatack Accepting chat from
chat Chat
chatmaxmin When a contact opens a chat with me I want it to be:
chatreq Requesting chat
chatsmileys2 Display Emoticons and Smileys in chat windows
chatsmileys Show Smileys in Chat
checkblocking Continuously check if users are blocking you
checkemail Show mail notification line (inbox) in contact list
checkfilman Received files will be saved in $1. Please check file manager settings in preferences window.
checkingaudio Checking if audio extension (Snack) is loaded ...
checkingcam Checking if a webcam is connected ...
checkingcapext Checking if '$1' extension is loaded ...
checkingextensions Checking for required video extensions
checkingver Checking for new versions
checkonfln Check if a user blocked you when he gets offline
checkopenfilecommand Please check the open file command in preferences window
checkver Check for new version
choosearq Choose your system architecture
choosebasefont Choose font type
choosebgcolor Choose background color
choosechannel Choose a channel
choosecontact Choose a contact from the list
choosedevice Choose your device
choosefontcolor Choose font color
chooseinputdev Choose your input device
chooselocation Choose new file location
choosemixerdev Choose your mixer
chooseoutputdev Choose your output device
chooseskin Please select the skin you would like to use
ch_to_state Switch to new state
clear Clear
clearlog2 Clear the history for all your contacts
clearlog3 Clear All Logs
clearlog Clear Log
clearwebcamlogs Clear All Webcam logs
clickhere Click Here
clicktoadd Click the 'Add' button to add a new note
clicktologin Click here to Sign in
clientcaps Send x-clientcaps packet to other's clients
clientname Client name
closeall Close all tabs in this window?
closealltabs Close all tabs
close Close
closechatwindows Close all conversations before Sign Out?
closed Conversation with $1 has been closed due to inactivity
closelabel When you click the close button in a tabbed chat window
closeonly Close only the current tab
closeorcall You have to close/cancel the Audio Call before closing the window.
closeordock Closing the contact list window will quit aMSN. Maybe you meant to just close the window and have aMSN stay alive in the tray.\n\nAre you sure you want to quit aMSN?
closeothers Close All Other Tabs
closingdocks Close button minimizes
color Color
command Command
commandstatus Execute command
compactstyle Compact Style
configure Configure
configuremic Configuring your microphone
configuringaudio Configuring audio settings
configureplugin Configure plugin $1
confirm Are you sure?
confirmbl Are you sure you want to block this contact?
confirmdelete Are you sure you want to delete $1?
confirmdg Are you sure you want to delete this group?
confirmdu Are you sure you want to delete this user?
confirmeg Are you sure you want to empty this group?
confirmpurge All stored display pictures from other contacts will be erased (those of your own will be kept). Are you sure?
confirmrfl Are you sure you want to delete this user from this group?
confirmfulldelete Also remove from Windows Live Address Book
congrats Congratulations
connected You are now connected
connectedat Connected At:
connectedwith Connected with $1
connecterror Error connecting to server
connectfirst Please connect first
connecting Connecting
connection Connection
connectionlost Disconnected: Lost connection with the server
contactadded Contact added
contact Contact
contactdoesnotexist Contact does not exist!
contactlist Contact list (FL):
contacts Contacts
contentroamingsetting Store display picture on the server
continuously Continuously
contrast Contrast
conversationwith $1 users in conversation
convertexplain Path to CONVERT executable file, from ImageMagick (required for Display Pictures).\n Leave blank if CONVERT is in the path
copy Copy
copytoclipboard Copy $1 to the clipboard
copytogroup Copy to group
corruptconfig Configuration file is corrupt. Creating new one. Old file will be saved to $1. Please send it to us to check what happened.
corruptstates Custom states config is corrupt. Creating new one. Old file will be saved to $1. Please send it to us to check what happened.
couldnotrename Could not rename file $1
countrycode My Country/Region code
cprofile Create Profile
created Created
credits Credits
curdisplaypic Current display picture
currentdate Current Date
currentdynrate Current real-time speed (in milliseconds)
currentlanguage This is the language currently in use
currentnotes Current notes
custnotifymsg Display notify window when a message from this user arrives
custnotifyoffline Display notify window when this contact goes offline
custnotifyonline Display notify window when this contact comes online
custnotifystatus Display notify window when this contact changes status
customcolor Custom color
customdp Custom Display Picture
custom_edit Edit custom smiley
custom_new Add new custom smiley
customnick Custom Nick
customsmileys Display other users' Custom Emoticons
customstyle Customized Style
custshowcustomsmileys Show user's Custom Emoticons
cut Cut
cutimageboxreset Reset the selection box\nsize to:
cutimagebox Select the part of the image you want to use, resizing and moving the selection-box
date Date
dateformat Change date format 
day Day
days Days
dcprofile Don't Create Profile
default2 Default
default Default Config
defaultloginradio Sign in with default configuration
defchatwinsize Default size for chat windows (XSIZExYSIZE)
deleteall Delete all
deleteblock Delete and Block
deletecustomstate Delete custom state
delete Delete
delimiters Timestamp delimiters:
deliverfail The following message could not be delivered
delprofile2 Select the profile that you would like to remove 
delprofile Delete Profile
description Description
detach Detach
details Details
devicebusy Device $1 is busy
devices Devices
directconnection I have a direct connection to the internet (uses port 1863)
disabled Disabled
disableprofiles Disable profiles (Useful for cyber-cafes or shared environments)
disablessl Disable SSL
disableuserfonts Ignore remote user font in chats, and use your own font type
disconnect $1 has disconnected.
disconnectedfrom Disconnected from $1
displaychat Display text options
displayeventconnect Display when contacts go online
displayeventdisconnect Display when contacts go offline
displayeventemail Display when an E-Mail is received
displayeventstate Display when contacts change status
displayeventnick Display when contacts change nickname
displayeventpsm Display when contacts change Personal Message
displayp4context Display P4-Context field content as message sender
displaypic Display Picture
dockfreedesktop FreeDesktop (KDE3/Gnome2)
dockgtk Gnome Dock
docking Docking
dockingoff Docking Off
dockkde KDE Dock
done Done
dontaskweek Don't ask update again for one week
dontdownload Don't download TLS, I'll install it myself
dontshow Don't show
dontshowdp Don't let this user download your new Display Pictures
download Download
downloadcanceled Download canceled.
downloadingtls Downloading TLS module from:\n $1
downloadingwait Downloading new aMSN version. Please Wait...
dynamicrate Use dynamic frame rate to simulate the real-time speed 
editcontent Edit the content of the subject field and the note field
editcustomstate Edit custom state
edit Edit
editavsettings Edit audio and video settings
editmyprofile Edit my MSN Profile
editnewstate New Personal Automessage State
editprofile Edit Profile
editstate Edit Existing Automessage State
editvalue Edit value
email Email
emailsinlist Show emails instead of nicknames in the contact list
emoticon_steal Add to emoticons
emotisounds Play sounds for certain emoticons
emptygroup Empty group
enabled Enabled
enableproxy Enable proxy
enableremote Enable remote controlling
enablesound Play sound
enablespaces Enable Windows Live Spaces support (EXPERIMENTAL)
encoding2 Change the way your characters are encoded
encoding Choose encoding
enterbugdesc Enter a description of what you were doing to help us reproduce the bug:
entercontactemail Enter contact e-mail
enterfilename Please enter a filename
enternick Enter your nick
enterpsm Your Personal Message
escapeclosescw Escape key closes chat windows
error Error
errortls Error installing TLS module:
eventhistory View Events History
examples Examples
exitamsn Are you sure you want to quit?
extras Extra Services
faileddelete Failed to delete
faileddeleteperso This picture cannot be deleted because it does not belong to your profile. Only pictures that belong to your personal profile can be removed this way.
failed Failed
faq FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions)
farsightextchecking Checking if Farsight extension is loaded ...
farsightextwarn You won't be able to have SIP calls. You may find answers on how to install Farsight on our Wiki:
farsightinfook Farsight is a framework to deal with audio/video conferencing protocols. With Farsight, you can send or receive SIP calls within aMSN! Have a look at farsight on our Wiki:
fetching Fetching data...
filedoesnotexist File does not exist
file File
filemanexample (\$location will be replaced with the directory) Ex: nautilus \$location
fileman File Manager
filename Filename
filenotwritable Cannot delete this file
filetransfercancelled File transfer cancelled
filetransfercomplete File transfer complete
filetransfer File Transfer
filters Filters
filtersselect Select the filters you want to use\n(Note: none selected means 'show all')
filtersx Filter Selection
findasyoutype Find as you type
find Find
findnext Find Next
findprev Find Previous
finetunesettings Finetune picture settings
finish Finish
finish2apply Press Finish to apply those settings.
firewalled You are firewalled or behind a router
firewalled2 You are firewalled, please check your Connection settings in the preferences window
followtext Scroll down when new text is entered
forget_me Forget me
forgot_pass I forgot my password
formatctt CTT format
formatcsv CSV format
friendlyname Friendly Name
ftacceptedby $1 accepted file transfer invitation for file '$2'.
ftaccepted File transfer accepted
ftaccepting Accepting file transfer request
ftautoclose Close this window after completing the file transfer
ftconnecterror Error connecting to remote peer
ftconnecting Connecting to $1 port $2
ftconnectionlost Connection with remote peer lost
ftgotinvitation $1 wants to send you the file '$2' ($3 bytes). It will be saved in directory $4. Do you want to receive this file?
ftportpref Starting port for file transfers
ftportpref2 Starting port for direct connections (needed for file transfers and webcam)
ftporttest Test port
ftrejectedby $1 rejected the transfer request for file '$2'.
ftrejected File transfer rejected
ftsendinvitation File transfer invitation for file '$2' ($3 bytes) has been sent to $1.
fullcontactlist Sorry, your contact list is full. You'll need to remove some contacts in order to add new ones.
gameaccepted $1 has accepted your game invitation
gameclosedbyother $1 has canceled the game session with you.
gameclosedbyself You have canceled the game session with $1.
gameinvitation $1 has invited you to play $2. Do you want to accept this invitation?
gamepluginnotfound $1 has invited you to play $2 but there is no plugin for this game currently loaded. Please activate and configure this plugin first.
gamerejected $1 has rejected your game invitation
gamerequest You have invited $1 to play $2
getdisppic Enable receiving Display Pictures from other users
getmoreplugins Get more Plugins!
getmoreskins Get more skins!
globalcontainer Global container
globalnick Insert a pattern to form all your contacts' nicknames. You can use these variables: \$user_login for you contacts' address, \$nick for your contacts' nickname and \$customnick for your contacts' custom nickname. For example: '\$user_login is \$nick' will be 'contact@msn.com is Contact'
globalnicktitle Global Nickname
globaloverride Global nickname pattern should override custom nicknames
gonelunch Out To Lunch
gotink $1 sent you an ink.
goto Go to $1
gotoinbox Go to Inbox
goto_prefs_removeprofile Click here to go to preferences and delete your profile
groupadd Add Group
groupcontacts Group contacts
groupcontactsbystatus Group Contacts by Status
groupdelete Delete Group
groupexists Group already exists
group Group
groupmissing Cannot find group
groupnewname New name
groupnonim Group Non-Instant Messaging Contacts Together
groupnotempty Group is not empty!
groupoldname Old name
grouprename Rename Group
groups Groups
groupunknown Unknown group
handle Handle
hangup Hang Up
havenomic I have no microphone
helpcontents Help Contents
help Help
hidedetails Hide details
hidedisplaypic Hide Display Picture
hidebuttonbar Hide Button Bar
hidemenumessage Are you sure you want to hide the menus ?\nYou can restore them any time by using the show/hide menus hotkey 'Ctrl-M'.
hidemenu Show/Hide menus
hiden Hide the emoticon from the smileys menu
hidewindow Hide Window
history View History
history2 History
home Home
howto_remove_profile To delete your profile (forget $1) you need to do so from the preferences window. \n\nFor security reasons, profile deletion from the login screen is not allowed.
httpconnection Connect using HTTP method (uses HTTP protocol over port 80)
hue Hue
huge Huge
hybrid Hybrid mode
ident Identifying
identity Identity
ignorecontact Ignore the conversations from the contact
ignoreerrors Silently ignore other aMSN errors until the end of session
ignore Ignore
imagefiles Image Files
inbox Inbox
insertsmiley Insert emoticon
inserttextnote Insert text into the subject field and the note field, then click 'Save'
installconvert You must install ImageMagick (convert program) in order to use Buddy Icons and Custom Emoticons. You can download the binaries for your Operating System ftp://ftp.imagemagick.net/pub/ImageMagick/binaries/ . If you already have it, then it is a bug, please report it. These features will now be disabled, if you install ImageMagick later on reenable these options from the Preferences. 
internalerror Internal Server Error
invalidfile2 Filename $1 could not be created, make sure you have the correct permissions for that target.
invalidfile File $2 entered in field "$1" does not exist or is not readable
invalidgroup Invalid group
invalidparameter Error connecting to server:\ninvalid parameter
invalidpicsize The given picture is too big, please choose a smaller one
invalidpic The given picture file doesn't exist
invalidsound The given sound file doesn't exist
invalidusername Invalid user name
invitationcancelled The invitation was cancelled
invite Invite
ipaddress IP Address
ipdetect Detect correct IP for File Transfers using HTTP
ircstyle IRC Style
istyping $1 is typing a message
joins $1 joins conversation
justonce Just once
keepalive Keepalive (NAT)
keeplog2 Log all conversations to aMSN's History for future viewing
keeplog Keep Logs of Chats
language Language
language_manager Language manager
large Large
largest Largest
lastlogin Last Sign In
lastlogout Last Sign Out
lastmsgedme Last Message
lastmsgtime Last message received at $1
lastseen Last time online
lazypicretrieval Lazy Display Pictures retrieval
lclosedwin $1 has closed the window on $2
lconftopriv Conference turned into Private chat with $1
lconvstarted Conversation started on $1
lconvstartedOIM Started an Offline Instant Messaging conversation on $1
leaveblankforhotmail Leave blank to use Hotmail
leavejoinsinchat Show "leaves/joins conversation" notifications inside the chat window
leaves $1 leaves conversation
lenteredconf $1 has entered into a conference on $2
lineflushlog Flush log files after each line
linprivate IN PRIVATE
listening Listening
listeningon Listening on port $1
listsmileys2 Display Emoticons and Smileys in aMSN's main contact list
listsmileys List smileys
ljoinedconf $1 has joined conference
lleftconf $1 has left conference
loadcontacts Load Contact List
load Load
loadotherdisplaypic Loading display pictures of $1, please wait...
logbigger Log file sizes for each contact never exceeds 
logeventconnect Log the connections
logeventdisconnect Log the disconnections
logeventemail Log when an email is received
logeventstate Log the status changes
logeventnick Log the nickname changes
logeventpsm Log the Personal Message changes
logfandexp Log File Sizes and History Expiry
loggedotherlocation Disconnected. Logged in other location
loggingin Logging In
loginas Sign in as
loging Logging
login Sign In
logolder Only log chats that have taken place in the last
logout Sign Out
logoutwincloselabel When Signing Out, close conversations
logsbydate Sort logs by date (View history loads a lot faster)
logschats Is logging chats
logsin has just signed in
logsmileys Display Emoticons and Smileys in aMSN's history windows
logsout has just signed out
logwebcam Save all webcam sessions to aMSN's History for future viewing
longnick Your nickname is longer than 130 characters. This is not officially supported by the MSN protocol. Are you sure you want to set it?
longp4c Your Friendly Name is longer than 130 characters. The Friendly Name that will appear on the official MSN client will be $1. Are you sure you want to set it?
longpsm Your Personal Message is too long. This is not officially supported by the MSN protocol. Are you sure you want to set it?
lowrescam Use a low-resolution webcam
lprivtoconf Private chat turned into Conference with $1
luclosedwin You have closed the window on $1
mailerexample (\$recipient = Recipient) Leave blank to use Hotmail
mailer Mailer
maintenance The server is going down for maintenance in $1 minutes
maximised Maximised
medium Medium
minimised Minimised/Iconified
minimize Minimize to Tray
mins minutes
mobilegrp1 Mobile group
mobilegrp2 Put users in "Mobile" group when offline (and sorted by status)
mobile Mobile
modified Modified
month Month
more More
morepersonal More States ->
move Move
movetogroup Move to Group
msgflicker Flicker chat window title when new message is received on unfocused window.
msgmaxmin When a new message arrives I want it to be:
msg Message
msgmode Select how to handle multiple message windows:
msn aMSN
msnstatus MSN Network Status
msnstyle MSN Style
mustrestart You must restart the program to apply changes
myfriendlyname My friendly name
myhomephone My Home Phone
mymobilephone My Mobile Phone
mynick My Nickname
mypic My Display Picture
mypics My display pictures
mystatus My Status
myworkphone My Work Phone
name Name
natip IP detection by web page 
natkeepalive If you are getting disconnected regularly, enable this KeepAlive
needonline You still are/appear offline!
needwinico2 Need winico05.dll in the utils/windows directory for windows traydocking to work
never Never
new_account Create account
newchat New Chat
new_ft_protocol Use new File Transfer protocol (some bugs remain)
newline Newline
newmail $1 new message(s) in Inbox
newmailfolder You have $1 new message(s) in other Hotmail folders
newmailfrom New mail from $1 ($2)
newmailfromother New mail in other folder from $1 ($2)
newmsg New message
newoim New Offline Messages
newstate Add custom state
newtabbedfeature aMSN has a new feature for managing conversation, you can now have all of your windows from the same group or from your whole contact list in one tabbed window. Please choose the way aMSN should manage your conversations
newupdate New updates available for aMSN
newveravailable Newer version $1 available for download
next Next
nick Nick
nickchanged $1 Changed his nickname to '$2'
no No
noactivity Idle
no_blocked_notif Do not show notification windows for blocked contacts
nocacheddps No Display Pictures in cache for this user
nocamwarn No webcam were found, or your webcam is already in use by another program (which means it cannot be used by aMSN). You will find help on how to solve this issue on our Wiki:
nodataavailable No data available for $1
nodevices Currently, no devices are installed
noftpreview Disable sending a preview of images in file transfers
nogap No space between groups
nogroup No group
nojavascript You do not have javascript enabled. Automatic signin might not work.
nologfile No Log file for $1
nomic No microphone
noneavailable None Available
nonewmail No new messages in Inbox
nonewver There are no new versions available to download
nonimgroup Non-Instant Messaging Contacts
nooimconfirmation Do not ask for confirmation when sending/receiving Offline Messages
nopic No picture
noprofileexists There are currently no profiles, \n you must create one if you wish to use profiled logins. \nUse the Add New Profile button in this window to add a new profile.
noresizesmileys Do not scale down incoming custom emoticons
normal Normal
noskins Couldn't find default skin in skins/ folder. Can't start aMSN
nosound No sound was detected, make sure your microphone has been connected to your computer properly
nosound_or_hold No sound was detected. To send a Voice Clip you need to press and hold down the button while speaking then release it to send the message.
nospace Nothing to see here
nosystemtray System tray not available
note Note
notificationserver Initial MSN Notification Server (MSN Messenger Server)
notify1_5 Display notify window when contacts go offline
notify1_75 Display notify window when contacts change status
notify1 Display notify window when contacts come online
notify2 Display notify window when new messages are received
notify3 Display notify window when new emails arrive
notify4 Display notify window when new emails arrive in other folders
notify notify
notifyoffset Offset the position of the notification pop-up
notifytimeout Number of milliseconds before notify window disappears
notifytyping Send other users notifications when typing
notifywin Notify Window
notinlist You aren't on his/her contact list
notimcontact This contact is not an Instant-Messaging contact
notls The MSN Protocol 9 requires the TLS package. This package does not seem to be installed on this machine. If it's installed, the path to the library directory should be specified in the Preferences window (ex: /opt/tls/lib). \n \n It's possible to download TLS from http://tls.sf.net.
nottabbed Normal windows without tabs
nousersinsession No users in session
nouserspecified No user specified
nudge $1 requests your attention
offline Offline
oim Offline Messaging
ok Ok
onenewmail 1 new message in Inbox
onlinehelp Online Help
online Online
onphone In a Call
opendir Open directory
openfilecommand Open file command
openfile Open
openreceived Open Received Files
options Options
ordercontactsby Order contacts by
ordergroupsby Order groups by
original Original
otherdisplaypic Other display pictures of this user (right-click for more options)
other Other
otherdps Other display pictures
others Others
p4contextprefix Prefix P4-Context senders with this string
pager Pager
pass Password
passportnotverified Your passport account must be verified before you can change your personal information (such as your nickname). Please check your inbox for an activation email.
paste Paste
pausedwebcamreceive The webcam has been paused by the other user
pause Pause
pausewebcamsend Pause sending of webcam
personal Personal
phone Phone
phones Phone numbers
picbrowser Display Pictures Browser
picfile Picture File (GIF < 500 x 500)
picstatus Picture Alarm
play Play
playbackposition Playback position
playbackspeed Playback speed (milliseconds between each frame)
playerror An error occured when trying to play the sound : $1
playgame Play game
playgame2 Play $1
playing Playing: $1
playtest Play the test file
playwebcamsend Resume sending webcam
pluginselector Select Plugins
port Port
portswellconfigured Your ports are well configured
prefalerts My Event Alerts and Sounds
prefapps Applications
prefawaymsg My Away Message
prefblock1 Check on disconnect
prefblock2 Continuously check
prefblock3 "You have been blocked by" group
prefconnection Connection settings
prefemotic Emotions Icons and Smileys 
preferences Preferences
preffont2 Change the way others see my text in chat sessions
preffont3 Change aMSN's interface font and size
preffont4 Change the way I see other people's text in chat sessions
preffont My Message Text
prefft File transfer, peer-to-peer and NAT settings
preflibs Libraries directories
preflocale Locale settings
preflocale2 Select your language-/country-code
preflog1 My History and Logging Options
preflogevent My Events History
preflook My aMSN Messenger Look
prefmsging My Messaging Interface
prefname My MSN Messenger Name/NickName
prefphone2 Type the phone numbers that you would like people \n on your Allow List to see \n
prefphone My Phone Numbers
prefprivacy2 User's Contact/Reverse lists
prefprivacy User's Allow/Block lists
prefprofile2 Create or modify your public profile (the \n description of yourself that others can see)
prefprofile3 aMSN's User Configuration Profiles
prefprofile My Public Profile
prefproxy My Proxy Settings
prefremote Remote Connection Preferences
prefsession My Sign In and Status
prefshared Shared Connections (only for NAT)
prefsound Sounds
preview Preview
privacy Privacy
profiledconfig Profiled Config
profileexists You cannot create a profile with this login \n because one already exists. Please choose another login.
profileinuse This Profile is being used by another aMSN session, please choose another one
profileloginradio Sign in using an existing Profile
profiles Profiles
properties Properties
proxyconfhttp HTTP proxy support configuration
proxyconf Proxy configuration
proxyconnection I connect to the internet using a proxy server:
proxy I am behind a proxy server (HTTP or SOCKS5)
psmatend Show Personal Message beside the nickname
psmchanged $1 Changed his PSM to '$2'
psmdontshow Don't show Personal Message, unless otherwise defined in global/custom nicks
psmnewline Show Personal Message below the nickname
psm Personal Message
psmplace Where should the Personal Message be placed ?
publishphones Publish my phone numbers
purge Purge
pwcdriver You are using the pwc driver
quit Quit
raised Raised/Deiconified
readonlymsgbox The file transfer has been canceled due to the received directory being read-only. Please fix the permissions on this directory.
readonlywarn WARNING: The file will probably NOT be saved correctly as the "Received files" directory seems to be write-protected. Please ensure that the permissions on the target directory ($1) are set correctly before transfering the file.
receivedbytes Received $1 of $2 bytes
receiveddir Received Files folder
receivedoimread You have $1 new Offline Instant Messages. Do you want to read them ?
receivedvoice Received Voice Clip
receivefile Receive file
recentmsg Prevent closing a chat window when a message has just arrived
reconnect2 Reconnect on loss
reconnecting Reconnecting to server
reconnect Waiting for $1 to reconnect
reconnectnow Reconnect now
record Record
recorderror An error occured when trying to record the sound : $1
recvwebcamaccepted $1 accepted your invitation to view his/her webcam. Connecting...
redirect Click here to get redirected
reject Reject
rememberaccount Remember my account
rememberpass Remember password
remembersetting Remember my choice
removeempty Remove empty groups from the contact list
removefromgroup Remove from group
removefromlist Remove from this list
rename Rename
renameep Rename this location ($1)
renamelocation Rename this location
reporting Reporting
report Report
required_version Unable to load this plugin. It requires, at least, aMSN version $1
retry Retry
resetincomingfont Reset font (use font message sender chooses)
restartforskin Note: You may need to restart aMSN to view the skin properly!
reversed Reversed order
reverselist Reverse list (RL):
rightback Be Right Back
saveas Save as
savechatwinsize Save chat window size as default when resizing it
savecontacts Save Contact List
save Save
saveddefaultloc Save in default location
savelocation Do you want to save file on $1?
savelocationerror File can't be saved at this place.
saveotherdirectory Save in another directory
savetofile Save to File
says $1 says
sbcon Connecting to Switch Board
searchadvprefs Search in advanced preferences:
searchdown Search down
searchup Search up
selectall Select all
selectcontact Select a contact
selectplugins Please select the plugins you want enabled
selectskin Please choose a skin from the list
sendcam Send Webcam
sendemail Send my email address to notify me of changes
sendfeedback Send Feedback
sendfile Send File
sendmail Send E-mail
sendmobmsg Send to Mobile Device
sendmsg Send Message
sendoim Send an Offline Message
send Send
sendsip Start Audio Call
sendvoice Send a Voice Clip
sendwebcamaccepted $1 accepted your invitation to view your webcam. Connecting...
sendwebcaminvite Invite a user to see your webcam
sentbytes Sent $1 of $2 bytes
sentvoice Sent Voice Clip
serverbusy Server is busy
servergoingdown Disconnected: Server is going down
server Server
serverunavailable Server is unavailable
session Session
setasmydp Set as my display picture
setbackinitialstate You have set aMSN to connect as $1, but you are now $2. Are you sure you want to set your status back to $1 ?
setupcam Setting up your webcam device
setupcamfinetune Setting up webcam device, and finetuning picture
shareswebcam Shares webcam
showbanner Show aMSN's banner
showblockedlist Show list of people who blocked you
showcachedpics Show cached display pictures
show_contactdps_in_cl Show thumbnails of contacts Display Pictures in Contact List
showcontactemail Show Contacts with E-mail
showcontactnick Show Contacts with Nickname
showdetailedview Show Detailed Contacts View
showdetails Show details
showdisplaypic2 Show Display Picture by default when a chat window is opened
showdisplaypic Show Display Picture
showonedpframe Show only one DisplayPicture frame in chat windows
showlinksinlogin Show Links in the Login Screen
shownonim Show Non-Instant Messaging Contacts
showmailicon Show mail icon on traydock when new emails arrive
showmypic My Display Picture
shownotify Show notify window when some events happen
showofflinegroup Show Offline Group
showpicnotify Show users' pictures on notify windows
showspaces Show Spaces icon in the contact list
showuserpic $1's Display Picture
signinstatus Sign-in status
signout Sign out
signouthere Sign out from here ($1)
signoutep Sign out from $1
signouteverywhere Sign out from everywhere
sipcallaccepted Audio Call Accepted
sipcallback Call Back
sipcalldeclined Audio Call Rejected
sipcalleeaccepted User accepted your Audio Call
sipcalleebusy User is currently Busy
sipcalleecanceled User has canceled the Audio call Invitation
sipcalleeclosed User has ended your Audio Call
sipcalleedeclined User Declined your Audio Call invitation
sipcalleenoanswer User did not answer your Call
sipcalleeunavailable User is not available right now
sipcallended Your Audio Call has ended
sipcallimpossible You cannot make an Audio Call. Please install Farsight2 and try again.
sipcallmissed You missed an Audio Call from $1
sipcallnosipflag User does not support Audio Calls.
sipcallsent Calling $1
sipcallunsupported You have received an Audio Call invitation that is not currently supported. You may call back with a new invitation. The Audio Call will then work
sipcallyouarebusy You can only have one Audio Call at a time.
sipgotinvitation Received Audio Call invitation from $1
skinselector Select Skin
skin Skin
small Small
smallest Smallest
smileconfig Custom emoticon configuration
smilefile Smiley filename
smileintro2 Please edit the required fields to customize this smiley (see the FAQ for help)
smileintro Please complete the required fields to create a new custom smiley (see the FAQ for help)
smiletoobig The smiley you choose is bigger than normal size. Do you want to resize it ?
smileynotavailable Smiley not available!
snackfailed Snack failed to load, reverting to default
snackneeded The Snack library is needed in order to use this feature. A minimal version of 2.2.9 is necessary.
snapshot Snapshot
sngdblclick Single click to open a new message window
sortcontactsasc Sort Contacts Ascending
sortcontactsdesc Sort Contacts Descending
sortcontactsby Sort Contacts by
sortcontactsbylogsize Sort Contacts by log size
sortcontactgroup Sort Contacts by Group
sortcontacthybrid Sort Contacts in Hybrid Mode
sortcontactstatus Sort Contacts by Status
sortgroupsasc Sort Groups Ascending
sortgroupsdesc Sort Groups Descending
sound2 Play sounds when contacts sign in or send a message
soundactive Play sounds when receiving incoming messages also in active windows
soundcommand This has to be the play command (ex: esdplay)
sound Event Sounds
soundexample (\$sound = Sound file to be played) Ex: esdplay \$sound
soundfile Sound File
soundfiles Sound Files
soundloop Loop Sound
soundnoavail The audio device is not available. Please stop any application using the sound device.
soundserver Sound Server
soundstatus Sound Alarm
sourcecode Source Code (needs compiling and installing)
splashstart Start
sslwarning WARNING!! Disabling SSL will disable encryption, so your password will be sent as plain text over the network. Use only for really tricky proxies or network configurations.
startoffline2 Sign in silently as "Appear Offline"
startoffline Start Offline
startonboot Start aMSN on Windows boot
startontray Start aMSN on tray icon only
stateautomsg AutoMessage to Send
statechange status changed to: 
stateedittext Please edit the fields you would like to modify and press Ok
stateinfo Personal State Configuration
state I want to appear as
statename Name of Personal State
statenewtext Please fill the required information to create your new Personal State and press Ok
statenick Custom nick (leave blank for no change)
statepsm Custom Personal Message (leave blank for no change)
stats Statistics
status Status
step Step
stopalarm Stop Alarm
stop Stop
stopwebcamreceive Stop receiving Webcam
stopwebcamsend Stop sending Webcam
storenickname Return to original nickname after a custom state with custom nickname
strictfonts Restrict all fonts' size to the one I selected (Status bar and others)
stylechat Same look as chats
stylehist aMSN's history look
stylelog Select the format in which you would like to view your History
style Style
subjectrequired Subject required
subject Subject
svnversion SVN Version
syntaxerror Syntax Error
tabbedglobal A tabbed window for all users in the contact list
tabbedgroups A tabbed window for users from the same group
tabbed Tabbed Windows
tabtitlenick Display nicks in the tabs instead of email
temp_state Temporary state (will not be saved)
textsize Text Size
thismonth This month
throughserver Through server
timeremaining Time remaining
timestamps Enable timestamps on chat windows
timestamp Timestamp
title aMSN
tkerror1 TK has brought an error, there is a bug in aMSN, please report it by clicking the Report button. You can click Details to see more informations about the bug or click Ignore to continue chatting with aMSN.
tkerror TK has brought an error, there is a bug in aMSN, please report it. Send the file $1 to amsn-bugs@lists.sf.net
tlsdowncompleted File $1 was downloaded to directory $2. You must extract it, build it (if you downloaded source code) and install it inside $3.
tlsexplain Folder where the tcl TLS module is located. If aMSN can't locate it, please specify.\n(Required for SSL authentication).
tlsinstallexp aMSN now uses MSNP9, which requires the use of a secure\nconnection using SSL. In order to use SSL, aMSN needs to install a module called TLS,\nwhich is missing from your system. This wizard will help you to download and\ninstall TLS. Please choose your system type so we can automatically download\nthe required TLS files.
tlsinstall TLS Module installation wizard
tlsinstcompleted TLS module installation was successful - you should now be able to use MSNP9. If this doesn't work, then you probably didn't select the right module, or a compiled module is not available for your system.
today Today
tomobile To Mobile
tools Tools
tooltips Enable tooltips
to To
totalsize Total size
transnotexists The requested file has not been translated into the current language yet.
trayicon Show a status icon in the notification area
traynotcompiled Tray icon plugin is not compiled. Check plugins/traydock
triggers Text triggers
truncatenames1 Truncate nicknames longer than window width in window titles and contact list
truncatenames2 Truncate nicknames longer than window width inside conversations
truncatenicks Truncate nicknames longer than window width
twonewmail $1 new messages in Inbox
type Type
unblock Unblock
unknown Unknown
unload Unload
unselectall Unselect all
uoffline Offline
uonline Online
updateonlycurrentlanguage Update only the current language
update Update
updatesaved Done\n Saved $1 in $2.
updating Updating
useasdp Use as Display Picture
useasregexp Use as a Regular Expression (regexp)
useother Use a different program
useralreadyonlist User is already on contact list
userblocked The user is online but blocked you
userdata User Data
userdps User display pictures
usernotonline The user is not online
userproperties User properties of $1
usersettings Settings
user User
useryourself You can't chat with yourself
usesnack Use the Snack library (Tcl internal)
verifyblocked Check for people blocking you
version Version
videoconversationrequest You just received a video conversation (bidirectional audio and video) request. This feature is not yet supported by aMSN and has been canceled. However, you can still use the standard webcam conversation.
view View
viewcontactsby View contacts by
viewprofile View Profile
viewspace View space items
volume Volume
wanttosharecam I want to make my webcam available to others
web Web
webcam Webcam
webcamcanceled The webcam session with $1 has been canceled
webcamclosebefcancel You have to cancel all webcam sessions before closing the window
webcamconfigure Configure Webcam
webcamconfiguredMac Your webcam settings have been configured
webcamconfiguredWin You chose the following webcam device : $1
webcamconfiguredLinux You chose the following webcam settings:\nWebcam device: $1\nWebcam channel: $2
webcamextchecking Checking if webcam extension is loaded ...
webcamextloaded Webcamsn extension is loaded
webcamextnotloaded Webcamsn extension is not loaded. You have to compile it.
webcamextwarn You won't be able to view your contacts' webcams. You may find answers on how to install some extensions on our Wiki:
webcamfaq FAQ/Help for Webcam
webcamhistory View Webcam Sessions
webcamhistory2 Webcam Sessions
webcaminvite $1 invited you to start an webcam session, but aMSN does not support this feature.
webcaminvitereceived $1 invited you to start a webcam session. Do you want to accept this session?
webcaminvitereceivedauto $1 invited you to start a webcam session. This session is automatically accepted.
webcaminvitereceiving You are invited to start viewing $1 's webcam. Do you want to accept this session?
webcaminvitereceivingauto You are invited to start viewing $1 's webcam. This session is automatically accepted.
webcaminvitesending $1 would like to view your webcam. Do you want to accept this session?
webcaminvitesendingauto $1 would like to view your webcam. This session is automatically accepted.
webcamrejected $1 rejected invitation for webcam session
webcamrequestreceive Sent request to receive webcam
webcamrequestsend Sent request to send webcam
webcamsending List of people you are currently sending webcam\nClick to cancel
whatisamsn aMSN is a platform-independent MSN Messenger clone
whatsize The image you have requested is not the normal display picture\nsize (96x96) What size would you like the image to be displayed as?
willjoin Waiting for $1 to join conversation
winkreceived You have received a Wink from $1. This feature is not currently supported by aMSN.
wintitlenick Display nicks in a tabbed window instead of email
work Work
wrongfields The "$1", "$2" and/or "$3" fields were not valid
wrongprofileversion Wrong profile configuration file version. In order to fix it, please remove directory $1, or update aMSN
xmmscurrent Display current song
xmmserr Nothing is playing, or you don't have xmms-infopipe installed.
xmmssend Send current song
xoffset X Offset
xplaces $1 Places
year Year
yesblock Yes and block
yesterday Yesterday
yes Yes
yoffset Y Offset
youblocked You have been blocked by
yousay You say
youwant You want
zoom Zoom
