
This plugin enables aMSN users to conveniently monitor dbus signals,
or, in fact, the output of any continuous input stream (as the exact
command line is configurable).
For more information about dbus, visit 
http://www.freedesktop.org/Software/dbus.

Although applications can easily set up their own dbus channels,
there are two main dbus channels: (i) the system bus and (ii) the
session bus.
User specific messages are sent to the session bus: for example
when new email arrives (you might have to configure your email
program for this to work).
System spcific messages are sent to the system bus: for example
information about print jobs.

The easiest way to figure out what signals are interesting to you,
might be by enabling both buses and checking the "Show all signals" 
box in the configuration window.
If you do this, both the system and session bus are monitored and
the regular expressions do not inhibit any signals from being
showed.
The effect of the regular expressions is, however, still showed.
Each notification is prefixed by two numbers. The first number
(if not zero) indicates the RE that matched the incoming signal,
the second number (if not zero) indicates the RE that fails the
incoming signal.

The idea of the regular expressions is that:
(i)  there _must_ be at least one of the "REs that should match"
     that matches the incoming signal.
(ii) there must _not_ be any of the "REs that should fail" that
     matches the incoming signal.
If both of the above are okay, the signal results in a notification
to the aMSN user.

Because the dbus signals are in a special format, not meant for
humans to read, and because they are often too long for aMSN's
default notification area, there is a way to extract more precisely
what part of the incoming signal you want to see in the notification
area. This is done by using parenthesized subexpressions in the
regular expressions (just put parentheses around a part of your
regular expression).

In case you have any problems using this plugin, do not forget to
check the plugins log (opened by pressing Alt-P).
It might be the case you do not have the program 'unbuffer',
'dbus-monitor' or a connection cannot be made to the session or
system bus (could be the case when running remotely).

Have fun using this plugin,
Jonne Zutt <amsn-dbus@zutt.org>


Todo list:

- configuration cannot be saved, plugins log gives a hint about file write problem
- Test what happens if amsn is started remotely (dbus-monitor --session then
  is possibly not available).
- Add language support
- Save plugindir for help proc, check for any absolute paths here.
- Check pluginsinfo.xml, cvs version and auto-updating stuff.
